all right so everybody for the future
who would have read this with going to
talk about web tests and hopefully that
helps somebody at least it helps you all
right let's get started so what's the
issue yes oh yeah we're talking about
the module Jas I PFS data importing so I
previously haven't had too many problems
with setting up web tests but this one's
using the the repo and so I kind of had
you a few different things to the test
um so I was using I believe it's the IPF
sjs repo module as the example of the
web test yes i'll go ahead and screen
share what I'm doing so you can just see
it it's easier oh okay okay so um let's
go ahead and just look at the file
directory so for the testing on list I
of course have the entry points on the
Karma conf and we're just talking about
the web test the other tests are fine
the no desire not test okay so we have
our karma calm and then here is my karma
comp it's pretty bare bones so it's got
the preprocessed for on the test folder
so it's going to go ahead and wet pack
everything before it tries the test
threat it's like why right here uh that
light will kick into this folder and
bump all of these files right right um
okay and then uh this is normal stuff um
I'm not sure if you want to explain why
we have to set buffer to true uh I'm
sure there's some shenanigans going on
with
environments and buffers all right so
but buffer true just means them so that
buffer should be shimmed and not just
being empty object sure that there is so
that there's actually a buffer
implementation because the browser
doesn't bring one usually so if you so
if you said anything on the node to true
that means web pack will eject it so Jim
and I queued up because we using buffers
over the place so yes exactly and then
for loaders to use some JSON so we have
a JSON loader as well and so if you look
into the index here for importing that's
actually the wrong one you'll notice
that we use the fs module as well um I
do some like that it's in two tests okay
so the test file itself it tries to
import some files because obviously
we're testing data moving around so this
FS not exist will fail correct unless
i'm using the BR FS module loader right
I probably FS don't exist the like I can
I can take it off real quick and then
run the test and there's a nature i'm
not sure which methods beerfest all is
able to figure out oh let me check ok
yeah so like those legend exists
actually a beerfest doesn't do exists
ffs according to the readme does read
finest saying read file reducing and
reader so science financially it
actually will just not work oh ok what
is he here like yeah I took be RFS off
and it did fail but if I put it back on
it doesn't fail right it actually tries
to load and this is the main the main
air that I can't figure out
it seems like it tries to do everything
and then I get this cannot read property
apply of undefined not sure if you have
ever seen anything like that waiting for
the arrow my screen is black yeah oh my
skates black let's go no I'm yeah now
your face is back that's something okay
all right okay okay yeah now if you see
myself yeah I can see myself that's
something at war all right okay yes
there we have a okay cannot read
property apply all undefined all right
is just didn't putting node modules okay
let's let's figure out where is the line
that you're actually calling something
for yourself so that's uh that's the
question right so I am I mean something
very similar to the Jays Rico browser
test where I in a browser her file here
and then we're trying to dissect this so
this this does the repo test just in the
same way that the repo does but then we
have this Const for tests context and
I'm assuming what this does is actually
roll through all of these tiles and
figure out the ones that we want to test
and then it loads them somehow this is
actually something I had a question
about is is how this this line here oh
yes this block actually works all right
what does this book to you okay so this
is um I wish you call success to
Queequeg context true l test okay and
this here is just bad as a bad regex so
I just I'm trying to pull in only these
miles my easily wants you that I've want
to test which is okay thanks to me yeah
where's I lunch again I get it yeah
that's fine we only want those two files
fine get up that would work so what
we'll do is okay so require that context
is a feature of web pack right don't eat
only what Peggy understands that and it
will pull these files in a way that that
it like understands them and so that
this is the pilot actually gets loaded
right and this file like loads these
other files into here and so you get
this one big file right so let me see
okay can you open up all right study
give oh do you want to see that node
module staticky ball it doesn't like it
coming from all the static yeah let's
learn some prop this this study give oh
and next door that let's see what it's
actually doing at this point okay all
right so where should we go from here
Dexter gia was it line 89 so in line 89
it seems to be here's the V apply and
looks like it's trying to apply a
context with some arguments see anything
funny in here or I'm not seeing the
screen again damage 12 second okay
okay so here's a all right thanks a lot
he's the exact line and i was looking at
this to you but this is really kind of
this is really not not not something you
want to do okay so antsy static eval
right right ok I think I have an idea
what what is it happening okay that's
fine can you show the arrow again so it
almost looks like it fails the exact
same way for both the test import Jas
and TAS Vic sighs jumper gotcha is right
so I guess um so my guess at the moment
is that is just something of webpack
things requiring actually failed I've
Missy do you have the code so we're
lying a road so I can just browse it
myself um I do not let me make sure let
me see if I posted it to my get up I
could I can push it to make it up real
quick yeah good make sure I haven't
already oh it does not you yeah okay let
me push
oh I might have to turn the lights are
off just do commit dash and a show yeah
just like one-stop screen she acts like
I did my life private key in here too
all right sure uh-uh but are we so many
tabs on my browser finished okay I hope
your son is yes okay you can't see my
screen night ya know I had okay once
that was the dash n 44 Nolan sort of
Dash and y dash mne kiss skips all the
validation just call get hooks tell me
go and throw my link to you feel
intercepts all right yeah I got it oh
okay let's see test brother
along with the hook Pablo tests so yeah
like in my research it look like this is
a pretty pretty deep problem okay so
buffer
right so I hear a lot about listen let's
try this let's try the forwarding right
let's let's do not let any tests except
the setup right let's see if that works
like I get rid of the test context yeah
get rid of line 46 tool 49 just comment
them out look at them plus it works
because then we know like is this
happening somewhere in the setup or is
just just happening and yeah so there's
there's no heirs it just tells me how 0
out of 0 executed because it actually
test anything right yeah that's that's
fine okay okay so no errors if you take
that out all right let's see okay so
that works let me see so this is I'm
require context with subdirectory is
true from the controller and we want to
okay that works right key tests context
okay so I'm not all right it's just
executing right okay let me check let me
quickly check something
so I see people have had problems with a
plug-in called d2 and a plug-in called
common plug-in all getting the same type
of error but yeah we're not use it
either of those audiences yeah we're not
using those so they should be like don't
care okay yeah so let's do okay let's do
a simple state right let's try okay so
so some like looking at the tests write
a test fixed-size chunker now so create
read stream this will not work why would
that be because you cannot create a read
stream from a file in the browser
because you don't have a file system oh
true right so that will need to change
to something like well if you want to
stream you need some things one of those
5,000 stream modules that take for
example a buffer and mix it into stream
and then you give run require raw on the
defile right and so the that will in
line to convert the data of the file
actually and then you can like create a
stream of that like you just have a
string and then you can do whatever you
want with it yes so create weed stream
will definitely not work so and then
let's see testing porch
yeah so the whole thing of and the other
file write that in the testing for the
whole thing about exists FS exists FS
Napier all those world work obviously
because you can create directories right
that's my fundamental misunderstanding
right ok yeah that's fine so yeah you
just have to keep in mind right so what
American and browserify they all do
amazing things but they still can
provide a filesystem at runtime they
only provide the file system to a degree
and build time so what happens is if you
have so there and then there did these
two approaches right so webpack over
rights require and brother if I will not
touch require in that sense it over
rights or more correctly it replaces
calls like effort read file if you use a
transform like BFFs and that will just
in line the real data right so it will
literally go on build time do the call
read the file take to take the text or
whatever is in that file and dump it
exactly in that place in your in your
file so that when the fire gets loaded
by the browser you code has the data
because it's like literally written
inside the fire and and what time will
do the same thing right it will read out
the data if you for example use the
wrong order which just takes a file and
spits out the text version of it and
will in line more or less the content of
that file and so if you have so if you
have for example bar my file equals
require bra my file or txt you will end
up with some whispered something like
bar my file equals string the content of
your file so your code doesn't care
because it actually gets the file
content it just doesn't interact with
the file system at that point so so for
that reason if you do at all all of
these browser tests can use the fs
module effectively so you need to have
alternatives the easiest way for example
if you look at the test for JS that give
us API where we have exact same issue we
want to lay low test data and the
browser and in node we do something we
just check right so let me pay yeah that
can Beck additional right like is we
really just do checks are we are we in
node if we're known right why of ifs we
file and if not we use require role to
to go test file type txt for example
okay let's see here
lions okay yes I see us like in the
testing for it looks like David had
already covered that case he's requiring
with raw to get the the nested doors and
trying to find where I didn't do that in
one test session port yeah yeah because
I just took out the fs not exist for
that and try try drawing the test again
and they got an even nastier I mean
there might be other arrows right but
those are the things that I see that
definitely will there I've upward okay
if I mean it might be that JSI PFS data
importing I have looked at it code right
so it might be that there is something
this is doing something right so it's a
yellow wood right so if I go into the
source file up Jace IPO state importing
actually right yeah source / night show
yes we have you you calling methods like
episode [ __ ] so bad what were you
calling a fat too many humans well in
there right so all these methods of FS
won't work either who I PFS unix FS if
that works in the browser where's it
does not actually I did look into that
and there's like no additional
statements on node environment or
browser environment so I think we'll
have to go back and refactor that to
something I remember once make a note of
right so so if I look at that source
let's take a quick look yeah so that
won't work in the browser probably
either so yeah you you have to make sure
that every single dependency works in
the browser yeah well it doesn't know
uses FS as well right well just for 15
would did ok so unix FS might actually
work should work with the brf s because
it's just doing one FS we defied sick
okay so that would work but then if we
look at so we're else right so so yeah
the stats stuff won't work I goes Marky
legs there you know you know work around
four for the stats part because it's
like that's a little different than like
a row buffer right well you can't get
the stats is the short version what that
well what do you need you need to visit
a file or directory yeah you can like
right so a short version is you cannot
know this in the sense of if someone
gives you a path well you can't resolve
that path right if someone gives you a
stream of a file they will have to tell
you what is this they will have to tell
you is as I directly so they have to
provide stats so I would make like there
that need to be like some metadata that
says that this is hey a file or hey this
isn't exactly exactly so you can
probably be best off they'd write
something needs a best and browser you
use buffer important street and Porsche
or only right okay so David writes in
IRC that we would we should just skip
yeah that makes sense violent different
directory important we can just skip so
you could have like eltz if a lot is
node by learning try right okay and yes
so the phylum porter is Hugh the
directory pointers there we we put and
use those so looking to buffer importer
top looks like it could work yeah we
haven't streamed and Porter yet yeah
okay so yeah that doesn't work in theory
so
on the other hand is this a so explain
the nastier as you getting to be honest
so it doesn't he doesn't really explain
those there is they they should it
should say something like FS don't
create but his thoughts tats doesn't
exist or something like that it
shouldn't throw is these cryptic arrows
so let me let me clown this stuff as
well okay yeah if you want to just take
a look at it or or for now I can at
least I'll make it make our wet test
skipping the file in porter yeah but we
wonder stuff to work image right right
stay better I mean the browser needs to
be able to import files right yeah what
what is they work writing rhodora stirs
in the browser using you expect with the
object API to Prince what Drake is lunch
okay yeah every day that that makes
sense but it's Todd Lee still doesn't
explain what the browser's throwing it
oh yes it does it amount okay not
believe all right there is a people's
data okay okay so so like essentially i
am going to put in some conditionals
detect the environments and then use
unix FS if we're in the browser and that
should be a workaround right yeah let's
see okay so was that module again
exercise check your ancestry so we want
to stream from okay so if you can just
use highland
yep Aleutian island font type no so this
is a date not window double negative oh
oh god that was nice check that was so
short I forgot how it did it it goes um
not global that window right i right I
was just confused because you okay so
it's a wonder where so it far filestream
close this load then we can make the
files from this and if it's not we do
I'll three balls learned i missed it but
what what's Highland again oh no never
mind yet at the new library I found it's
super nice for working with streams and
like has the loads of both of utility
function that one is like a constructor
function we can just pass an array and
oh my goodness cream out of it okay and
and so likes and when we wrap require
pests stator on my b dot txt right and
then we type file screen
we have this little time okay yeah I
have a fetus in fast let's use the same
one again again oh now it used to box oh
come on we'll just use the same one for
now alright so the Highland needle other
what all right let's like this oh boy
that's a lot of explosion okay so okay
so the air is k actually coming from
webpack that's something ok so just
enough I hold one test fixed still not
happy still not happy
here about to get this must be epic it's
remove your best choice so BFS is really
not great it's like the source of this
arrow the power now we add ever sweet
file sync is not a function that's what
I wanted cool that makes that right so
okay so now we can be able to for this
actually it should use our sweet file on
you all right this verb noise oh boy all
right yeah we get sensible arrows now
that's nice very uncut air a lot of
women well that does something stream
already being consumed okay that makes
sense how's Alice
I what does support you that like create
a solution exactly but we really don't
want to use Highland at this point
because we using it overall the place so
we use hearts they make make us a
function err really because of because
this would like to so this will have a
lot of things and like back pressure but
it will distribute the back rush between
the rows because it's because it's the
same stream so we use justice pension
12's grading you stream so what's
interesting what requires not Oh muscley
perfil okay so now we have another
problem so require needs to be resolved
our Texas I filed
okay I'm sure are we all right let's see
come on come on I think it's a breeze
crossed I'm straws will fail less Emily
it's taken its three-time All Right not
implemented that's something wow that
sounds like something on your side is
not implemented there's right it's on
otherwise I mean like Oakland breaking
latest me directly and say don't say a
large and like just like a message but
long horsepower it was not busy today
this should be like as a witness I love
it you should serve
so that's how you debug the bundle file
right yeah that's how you debug if
chrome is doing his thing bring right
now chrome yes you should be happy do
anything tough it's a big file dish it
shouldn't have that many problems on
come get your [ __ ] together ok so it's
Leslie just loading ok I'm still not
sure why let's say not in the fixed size
chocola buy fruit stream should work so
it's probably something with Highland
what is another matter knowledge that
he's another module
just ring to scream
like this little one big history and
just I like this this thing to overlap
except you prepare Mel exactly just a
little too Jeffery so it's not really it
is i the purple colors all right come on
now this will work but saying not
implanted it again oh maybe it's talking
about
maybe it's not liking these just like
some blog site one-fifth like their
offensive here is your new skates
but now prepared looks like we have to
debug this after all
alright let's see so slaves break rise
again all right we got a break now from
would hang itself be used for actually
oh looks like something in your right
all right your your writable who
fermentation seems to have work I think
it's trying to call underscore right and
you're right elimination does not
improvise on the screen right right
provides right this least one of us vote
on it so it's looking for a local
variable part of the scope right let me
see oh you know what we make this moment
way easier maybe hopefully this might
work
let's make this a or you want to text
each leech chomp that's just log piece
nice maybe not logged attraction I'm
confused I shouldn't the chunks not be
functions should maybe like binary data
yeah the order of batteries I'm sure I
spear 152 to equals our physics well
they're not what we think they should be
let's see where they are okay there's
subtle as well now that that looks looks
actually reasonable that that's a buffer
yeah yeah that's right that's right
that's just the last one that we got
there right we need to go let's let's
see I'm sorry expecting we are how large
is farther farther than one mag right
let's see if dog language march 156 is
buffer is other thing as buffer is now
yeah that is just Chuck the army care
about buffers there's one thing that
you'll be there at the king or of my god
buffer is not defined all right on
showing buffer buffer out they find it
okay see
so why is this giving leave this thing
here so constructor oh that's far I get
it okay so this is actually doing the
right thing that's okay it's just
printing out everything if you print a
buffer that it would just print out all
everything not only the data in this
case so this is all well okay so we get
the buffer and it's actually it's not
the length that we like to be I guess ha
ha well night maybe there's a bug in
your code or maybe there's a bargain
well there's bugs here we could use
another module d what is it i think it
was called BL that's like now this is
not real and collects you're using
through somewhere right yeah yeah boo ok
so through to should do the same thing
what we want to knit yeah thick slice
chunker is a 30 stream i believe okay so
if i remember this correctly it gives
you yes chunk encoding the callback so
we should be able to do something there
an expected chunk this CB and Dan or
something on hand there was an yeah you
can pacifists a group thing we just
joined on hand and then because done I
mean go to choir
okay so it looks like your code is off
doing what it should be no way actually
I'll little got a real fix error fix
eyes chunkers not pumping out 256 pumped
out 152 yep that's weird I so Jenga I
don't know look let's take a look
exercise it's great offer place in the
moat mmhmm yeah fish slice chunk is
really simple now the buffer is a
greater size than the the chunk size
right so we're throwing out one megabyte
buffer we are growing out and met one
mag thing right mm-hmm so it's going to
hit the case where it where I did that
fix where the size and the buff length
were different yeah so maybe it's try
putting I mean like you try doing size
minus 1 and then buff dot length minus
sighs that's what it was originally
maybe there is a reason that it was that
way but I don't understand why it would
work for the other tests where the one
who has to irvine asking a note right
okay so that's odd to say the least
let's see if this make this work oh god
go away I don't want to run you let's
just run this one
chunker fixed size okay so the first one
never finishes that's uncalled for
that's the one so I never got the the
null the law passed to it to the end
functional correct all right so they may
says it might be that encoding a
different okay my very well yes I
winnowed no default utf-8 right sorry
not in utf-8 maybe or maybe let's close
the buffer loader I I remember something
about that might actually
that looks ugly enough ugly and
beautiful at the same time what the hell
is in that Bufferin I i'm not sure i
think it's just random s looks better
yeah yeah I think we're good we getting
there okay let's dude it looks good yeah
nicolet do the last wizard thank you for
that we don't need to stay here all
night let's use the end thing from
through oh no we don't want to log
everything again no no stop make it stop
we have a success nice flash function is
the right thing pride is Germany yeah us
all right David thank you master we have
successfully done stuff yeah we yeah the
rest is just doing the same thing all
over again okay awesome I can I can
definitely take it from here right um
yeah let me really really appreciate it
out yes said you should add all things
ah but I can't push anywhere well let me
give you access with me yeah give me
cook access then i can push those things
to you yeah so that should yeah so you
have at least one test passing here good
nice yeah i don't know i'll follow the
example and i think they are children to
help you get served for the rest yeah
yeah very nice so the other trick is
don't oh we can actually but where you
can support you can make there's lot of
functions anymore and yeah oh yeah the
trick is to and you have to make sure
that these require statements are our
North dynamic they need to be static
otherwise wack pack is not able to
penalize them properly so you can't do
something like housing strings few
dynamically engineering okay right but
other than that that should hopefully
get you on the right path we in the
Infinity I i go i gave you access to
accomplish all right let me be push
all right there you go awesome really
really appreciate it all right I hope it
helps yeah definitely learned a lot to
you about the nature of the browser and
brother and load are very different
beasts as I'm learning so yeah yeah
they're nice is helps other people yes
absolute care any more questions drop in
IRC everybody yeah David our awesome
viewer thanks Alton Jerusalem n 0 0 0